hack/munich22: Add blogpost for Munich hackathon (#151)
unikraft/docs: content/en/blog/2022-10-25-unikraft-munich-2022.md

+++
title = "Unikraft Munich Hackathon '22"
date = "2022-10-26T03:56:00+08:00"
author = "Radu Nichita, Razvan Deaconescu"
tags = ["hackathons", "munich", "unikernel"]
+++

### Grüß Gott, München!

Last weekend, we had yet another successful hackathon with plenty of hard work.
But this one was special since it was organized in München.
It was the 3rd international onsite hackathon, after the ones in Lyon and Aachen.
From the Unikraft community, [Răzvan](https://github.com/razvand/) and [Radu](https://github.com/RaduNichita/) were there, whereas other community members provided support online, on Discord.

Over `30` participants came to Technische Universität München for the 2-day event about unikernels. This is the highest attendance for an onsite Unikraft Hackathon onsite event!

### Make open-source contributions great again!

On the first day, there were sessions about configuring, building, running, and debugging applications with `Unikraft`.

> The participants seemed excited about the topics and dove deep into understanding the principles behind the unikernels. They were also very active in reporting some new issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The participants were given initial information about the topics and then they dove deep into understanding the principles behind the unikernels.
They were very active in reporting new issues.
```

> The second day started with Răzvan's spectacular presentation about `Binary Compatibility`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second day started with Răzvan's talk and demo on `Binary Compatibility`.
```

> Then, the folks got involved in solving hackathon challenges, from porting applications as `static-pie-apps` to fixing some existing issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the folks created teams of 3-4 people, got an entry for each team in [the scoreboard](https://leaderboardhq.com/3wt61mcc) then then started solving [hackathon challenges](https://unikraft.org/community/hackathons/2022-10-munich/challenges/).
```

> The results were quite impressive, with 8 PRs submitted during the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results speak for themselves:

 - 6 PRs submitted as part of the [`static-pie-apps` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/static-pie-apps/pulls)
 - PR for [version bump of `newlib`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-newlib/pull/27)
 - PR for (version bump of `zlib`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-zlib/pull/4)
 - 2 issues in the [core `unikraft` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/unikraft/issues)
 
 All contributions were awarded points that made it to [the scoreboard](https://leaderboardhq.com/3wt61mcc).
```

### Special thanks

We are very grateful to [Pramod](https://twitter.com/pramod_bhatotia), [Charalampos](https://cmainas.gitlab.io/), [Jorg](https://www.professoren.tum.de/en/ott-joerg), [Sophia](https://dse.in.tum.de/contact/) and [Nitinder](https://www.nitindermohan.com/) for a warm welcome and very good organization, without which this hackathon would have been impossible.

Many more to come!

{{< figure
    src="/assets/imgs/2022-10-hack-munich-participants.png"
    title="Participants for the hackathon at Technische Universität München "
    position="center"
>}}

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+++
title = "Unikraft Munich Hackathon '22"
date = "2022-10-26T03:56:00+08:00"
author = "Radu Nichita, Razvan Deaconescu"
tags = ["hackathons", "munich", "unikernel"]
+++

### Grüß Gott, München!

Last weekend, we had yet another successful hackathon with plenty of hard work.
But this one was special since it was organized in München.

> It was the 3rd international onsite hackathon, after the ones in Lyon and Aachen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was the 3rd international onsite hackathon, after the ones in [Lyon](community/hackathons/2022-05-lyon/) and [Aachen](community/hackathons/2022-06-aachen/).
```

> From the Unikraft community, [Răzvan](https://github.com/razvand/) and [Radu](https://github.com/RaduNichita/) were there, whereas other community members provided support online, on Discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Unikraft community, [Răzvan](https://github.com/razvand/) and [Radu](https://github.com/RaduNichita/) were there, whereas other community members provided support online, on Discord (special thanks to [Ștefan](https://github.com/StefanJum).
```

> Over `30` participants came to Technische Universität München for the 2-day event about unikernels. This is the highest attendance for an onsite Unikraft Hackathon event!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over `30` participants came to Technische Universität München for the 2-day event about unikernels.
This is the highest attendance for an onsite Unikraft Hackathon event!
```

> ### Make open-source contributions great again!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Make Open Source Contributions Great Again!
```

On the first day, there were sessions about configuring, building, running, and debugging applications with `Unikraft`.
The participants were given initial information about the topics and then they dove deep into understanding the principles behind the unikernels.
They were very active in reporting new issues.

The second day started with Răzvan's talk and demo on `Binary Compatibility`.
Then, the folks created teams of 3-4 people, got an entry for each team in [the scoreboard](https://leaderboardhq.com/3wt61mcc) then then started solving [hackathon challenges](https://unikraft.org/community/hackathons/2022-10-munich/challenges/).
Results speak for themselves:

 - 6 PRs submitted as part of the [`static-pie-apps` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/static-pie-apps/pulls)
 - PR for [version bump of `newlib`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-newlib/pull/27)
 - PR for (version bump of `zlib`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-zlib/pull/4)
 - 2 issues in the [core `unikraft` repository](https://github.com/unikraft/unikraft/issues)

 All contributions were awarded points that made it to [the scoreboard](https://leaderboardhq.com/3wt61mcc).

> ### Special thanks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Special Thanks
```
